DocBook DSSSL Stylesheet Release Notes

DocBook Open Repository Team

$Id: RELEASE-NOTES.xml,v 1.1 2004/11/04 11:34:01 xmldoc Exp $

03 November 2004

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table of Contents

Release 1.79

These are the release notes for the DocBook DSSSL Stylesheets. At a minimum,
this file attempts to document changes to the public APIs and provide a
high-level overview of the features added in each release.

Release 1.79

This release contains fixes for a number of long-standing bugs. See the
WhatsNew file for more details. Among the user-visible changes are:

  * HTML stylesheets. 

      o The doctype definition in the HTML output now contains a system
        identifier, required for better parsing in contemporary browsers.

      o CSS decoration has been added to procedure steps.

      o Uses of <VAR> in HTML output (often rendered in italic) have been
        changed to something more appropriate

      o The last character of the version was cut off in previous releases.

      o Processing instruction parsing has been made more robust against
        arbitrarily formed PIs.

      o Callout graphics and admonition graphics share a single variable,
        %stock-graphics-extension%.

      o The value of the VALIGN attribute has been corrected to MIDDLE instead
        of CENTER.

  * Print stylesheets. 

      o Admonition titles and contents are kept together.

      o Programlistings with callouts now honor the width attribute.

      o The rendering of othercredit has been made more useful.

      o Excessive after spacing when a listitem contains multiple paras or
        verbatim environments has been fixed.

      o Empty ulinks don't generate footnotes, so they are now omitted from the
        footnote counting.

      o Some cases where components were restarting the page numbering were
        fixed.

      o article-titlepage-recto-elements has been made to match the HTML
        version.

      o Support for revdescription inside revison on titlepages has been added.

  * General. 

      o "pc" is now allowed as abbreviation for "pica".

      o The return value of my-debug has been fixed.

      o A Bosnian translation has been added.

      o A Bulgarian translation has been added.

